Hubspot doc refactor (#907)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/hubspot/connect-reverse-etl-source.mdx

---

> title: "Connecting Reverse ETL Source to HubSpot"

Reviewer: In the sidebar, should we call this "Connecting **to** Reverse ETL Source"?

description: Detailed technical documentation on some configurations to use while connecting a Reverse ETL source with HubSpot destination.
---

> This guide takes you through the required scopes, predefined identifiers and creating association between object records while connecting a Reverse ETL source to HubSpot destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide takes you through the required scopes, predefined identifiers, and creating the association between the object records while connecting a Reverse ETL source to HubSpot destination.
```

If you're connecting a <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> source to HubSpot that uses a <a href="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/intro-to-auth#private-app-access-tokens">private app access token</a> for authentication, make sure your access token has the following scopes:

```
crm.lists.read
crm.objects.contacts.read
crm.objects.contacts.write
crm.schemas.custom.read
crm.objects.custom.read
crm.objects.custom.write
crm.schemas.custom.write
crm.objects.companies.write
crm.schemas.contacts.read
crm.lists.write
crm.objects.companies.read
crm.objects.deals.read
crm.objects.deals.write
crm.schemas.companies.read
crm.schemas.companies.write
crm.schemas.contacts.write
crm.schemas.deals.read
crm.schemas.deals.write
crm.objects.owners.read
crm.objects.quotes.write
crm.objects.quotes.read
crm.schemas.quotes.read
crm.objects.line_items.read
crm.objects.line_items.write
crm.schemas.line_items.read
```

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on adding the above scopes, refer to the <a href="https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api/migrate-an-api-key-integration-to-a-private-app#create-a-new-private-app">HubSpot documentation</a>.
</div>

## Predefined identifiers

> While connecting a <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> source with HubSpot using the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/features/visual-data-mapper/">Visual Data Mapper</Link> feature, you need to select a HubSpot **Object** where you want to sync the data. Further, you can choose a warehouse column and HubSpot field to map your records in the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/features/visual-data-mapper/#choosing-the-identifier">choose identifier</Link> section, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While connecting a <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/">Reverse ETL</Link> source with HubSpot using the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/features/visual-data-mapper/">Visual Data Mapper</Link> feature, you need to select a HubSpot **Object** where you want to sync the data. Further, you can choose a warehouse column and HubSpot field to map your records in the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/features/visual-data-mapper/#choosing-the-identifier">Choose identifier</Link> section, as shown:
```

Reviewer: tweaked the option name as seen in the dashboard.

1. Add a Reverse ETL source and add the HubSpot destination to it. For detailed steps on adding a source and destination, you can refer to the <Link to="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/quickstart/">Quickstart</Link> section.
2. While configuring the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/hubspot/setting-up-hubspot-in-rudderstack/#new-api">HubSpot connection settings</Link> in the RudderStack dashboard, enable the **Create associations between object record** setting and click **Continue**.
3. Select the required **Schema** and **Table** whose data you want to sync to HubSpot.
4. Select the HubSpot **Object** for which you want to create the association. 
5. In the next dropdown, select the HubSpot object with which you want to associate the above-mentioned object.
6. Based on the object selections, the relevant associations (from HubSpot account) are populated in the **Association** dropdown. You can select the required one, as shown:

<img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/sync-associations-hubspot.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings"/>

> 7. In the **Choose Identifier** section,  choose a warehouse column and destination field to map your records from the source to the destination. You can choose any destination field from the dropdown which will act as a unique identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Choose identifier** section,  choose a warehouse column and destination field to map your records from the source to the destination. You can choose any destination field from the dropdown which will act as a unique identifier.
```

8. Choose a warehouse column each for **From Record ID** and **To Record ID** fields which will act as Hubspot's unique ID to identify an object.

> <img src="../../../assets/event-stream-destinations/unique-identifier-hubspot.png" alt="HubSpot connection settings"/>

Reviewer: the first part of this image is applicable for Step 7; should we separate the two parts as two different images? The From - To bit isn't immediately relatable from the image currently.

> Similarly, you can continue to create more associations between object records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, you can create more of such associations between the object records.
```
